The logic of this project resides in the com package, which in turn houses the files:

1.	API1.java
2.	API2.java
3.	WeatherServlet.java

API1.java executes a GET request after properly editing the URL and sending the request to third party mapbox API. Similarly, API1.java executes a GET request after properly editing the URL and sending the request to third party openweathermap API.
weather.html takes input of the location from the user which is turn stored as a string input in the servlet WeatherServlet.java. The app then runs a regex match on the string to only allow alphanumeric with space inputs. If the input fails the regex match, we display a message in paragraph tags on weather.html if it passes, the app then calls function – getLocInfo with the location as parameter. Now it may happen the location may not exist even after ensuring that the location is alphanumeric in this situation the mapbox API sends a json with empty features list. So, if for a location we receive an empty json from the mapbox API the app then displays a message in paragraph tags on weather.html.  If the app gets a non-empty features list from mapbox API it means the location is valid or interpreted as valid in whichever case we have got a list of valid coordinates in the json. So, next we go ahead and store the longitude and latitude in Double variables and call getWeatherInfo in API2.java with longitude and latitude as parameters. Both getLocInfo and getWeatherInfo can be interpreted as driver functions in the API1.java and API2.java class and call other functions in turn - getLocJsonString and getWeatherJsonString. Both of these functions return the received json in String format. The driver functions then convert the String objects into JSONObject object which is later used to extract information. We have used - Json-simple-1.1.jar to allow the interconversion of String into JSONObject. Once the app gets the weather information from the openweathermap API we can go ahead and display it a preferred subjective format.
